fastmod: add page (#7815)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/fastmod.md

# fastmod

> A fast partial replacement for the codemod tool, replace and replace all in the whole codebase.

> > Regexes are match with the regex crate: <https://crates.io/crates/regex>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Regexes are matched by Rust regex crate.
```

Author: Should I remove the link for the crate? I can add a link for its docs: https://docs.rs/regex/latest/regex/ ?

Reviewer 2: The convention is using only one link per page

Author: Sorry, I added the link for the regex crate docs, I think it is better for quick access and to help the `fastmod`'s to get more info about the regex he is writing.

We can assume that 1 is nearly = 2 in this case... 😂

> More information: <https://github.com/facebookincubator/fastmod>.

- Replace regex pattern:

`fastmod {{regex_pattern}} {{replacement}} -d {{dir}} --iglob {{wildcard_patterns}}`

> - Replace fixed string as it is (not regex), .js or .json files only:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Replace fixed non-regex string in .js or .json files:
```

`fastmod -F {{match_string}} {{replacement_string}} -e json,js`

> - Replace-all without confirmation, replace string as it is (not regex):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Replace all with non-regex string and without confirmation:
```

`fastmod --accept-all -F {{match_string}} {{replacement_string}}`

> - Replace-all similar to the above, but print changed files as well:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Replace all like previous example, and print changed files:
```

Author: I want to add a multiline description for one of these examples to make it more clear, how to do that?

Author: Or say two sentences or one long rephrased sentence.

Author: > Replace regex pattern in current directory in all non-ignored files, you can ignore files with .ignore or .gitignore

Reviewer: I just feel `and` is more fitting than `but` in this sentence. Separate this into 2 sentence is fine as well, like `Replace all similar to the above. And print changed files:`

# fastmod

> A fast partial replacement for the codemod tool, replace and replace all in the whole codebase.
> Regexes are matched by Rust regex crate: <https://docs.rs/regex/latest/regex>.
> More information: <https://github.com/facebookincubator/fastmod>.

> - Replace regex pattern in current directory in all non-ignored files, you can ignore files with .ignore or .gitignore:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Replace regex pattern in current directory in all files, ignoring files on .ignore and .gitignore:
```

`fastmod {{regex_pattern}} {{replacement}}`

> - Replace regex pattern and choose your target files:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Replace a regex pattern in all file in a specific directory:
```

> `fastmod {{regex}} {{replacement}} -d {{src/}} --iglob {{'**/*.{js,json}'}}`

Reviewer 3: We prefer long arguments if available
```suggestion
`fastmod {{regex}} {{replacement}} --dir {{path/to/directory}} --iglob {{'**/*.{js,json}'}}`
```

> - Replace fixed non-regex string in .js or .json files:

Reviewer 3: Based on the `grep` page
```suggestion
- Replace an exact string in files with .js and .json extensions (disables regular expressions) :
```

> `fastmod -F {{match}} {{replacement}} -e {{json,js}}`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`fastmod --fixed-strings {{match}} {{replacement}} --extensions {{json,js}}`
```

> `fastmod --fixed-strings {{match}} {{replacement}} --extensions {{json,js}}`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`fastmod --fixed-strings {{exact_string}} {{replacement}} --extensions {{json,js}}`
```

> - Replace all with non-regex string and without confirmation:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Replace all with non-regex string and without prompt for a confirmation:
```

> `fastmod --accept-all -F {{match}} {{replacement}}`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`fastmod --accept-all --fixed-strings {{match}} {{replacement}}`
```

> - Replace all with non-regex string and without prompt for a confirmation:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Replace for an exact string without prompt for a confirmation (disables regular expressions):
```

> `fastmod --accept-all --fixed-strings {{match}} {{replacement}}`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`fastmod --accept-all --fixed-strings {{exact_string}} {{replacement}}`
```

> - Replace all like previous example, and print changed files:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Replace for an exact string without prompt for a confirmation, printing changed files:
```

> `fastmod --accept-all --print-changed-files -F {{match}} {{replacement}}`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`fastmod --accept-all --print-changed-files --fixed-strings {{exact_string}} {{replacement}}`
```

# fastmod

> A fast partial replacement for the codemod tool, replace and replace all in the whole codebase.
> Regexes are matched by Rust regex crate.
> More information: <https://github.com/facebookincubator/fastmod>.

- Replace regex pattern in all files of the current directory, ignoring files on .ignore and .gitignore:

`fastmod {{regex_pattern}} {{replacement}}`

> - Case-insensitively replace regex pattern in specific files even if ignored, or directory ignoring files on .ignore and .gitignore:

Author: The new description doesn't clarify that if you specify a file it will be included even if it is ignore in `.ignore` or `.gitignore`

> - Case-insensitively replace regex pattern in specific files even if ignored, or directory ignoring files on .ignore and .gitignore:

Reviewer 3: It says `ignoring files on` :thinking:  maybe this is better:
```suggestion
- Replace a regex pattern in case-insensitive mode in specific files or directories, ignoring .ignore and .gitignore:
```

> - Case-insensitively replace regex pattern in specific files even if ignored, or directory ignoring files on .ignore and .gitignore:

Author: > Replace a regex pattern in a case-insensitive mode in specific files or directories:

I think this is a better description because all these examples files are ignored using .ignore or .gitignore which is emphasized in the first example.

> `fastmod --ignore-case {{regex_pattern}} {{replacement}} -- {{file}} {{dir/}} {{...}}`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`fastmod --ignore-case {{regex_pattern}} {{replacement}} -- {{path/to/file1}} {{path/to/file2}} {{path/to/directory}}`
```

Author: `...` is more concise and meaningful. Can I keep it?

Reviewer 3: :thinking: we use this for enumerations:
```suggestion
`fastmod --ignore-case {{regex_pattern}} {{replacement}} -- {{path/to/file_or_directory1 path/to/file_or_directory2 ...}}`
```
